---
layout: post
title:  "Lately"
date:   2020-05-12
---

I'm trying to start writing more often. I journal most nights, but I would like to
do more writing that's not just very-personal reflections. So I'm finally getting this site up and running.

Jenn and I have been in shelter-in-place for about two and a half months now. Everything feels
chaotic, despite most things actually being very static, because we're getting ready to move in a couple of weeks.
I guess that's also just large-scale uncertainty showing itself. Three months ago, I would have been excited for
seemingly-endless time mostly alone at home, to work on music, read, draw, cook, etc. But it's hard to focus
on any of it or not feel bored of it, when it's been this way for a while and seems like it will remain so for even longer.

Obviously I'm extremely privileged to be in a position of complaining about boredom at all. We're safe,
we're still working and receiving incomes and healthcare, etc.

I've been baking a lot more (me and every other person securely working from home, I know). So far I've made:
* three banana breads
* wacky depression chocolate cake
* a giant Hungarian-style apple pie
* scallion biscuits (twice)
* rhubarb scones
* rhubarb oat bars
* a mini rhubarb pie (there was a lot of rhubarb in our farm box)
* lemon pie bars
* a loaf of bread
* two batches of cookies
* cinnamon date rolls

I've also embarked on some fun cooking projects, like continuing to perfect my chicken tikka masala recipe,
revisiting vegetarian enchiladas I often make when visiting my best friend in Chicago, and a couple
attempts at hand-pulled noodles and scallion pancakes (both surprisingly not as hard as I would have thought).

I've continued to lean hard into my Criminal Minds obsession, and have been quickly working my way through
the series (quickly for me means 1-2 episodes per day, on average). I'm pretty committed at this point to seeing every episode
ever and knowing all the backstory for the different characters. It's fun to learn little snippets that get revealed over time.
And it's a nice temporary escape from the chaos and dread of the world.

At work I've been thinking a lot about what makes teams and organizations succeed, especially in terms
of planning and organization; what makes a "good" manager, and how there can be different kinds; and what
focus and productivity really mean.

That's pretty much it. The rest of my headspace is currently occupied by plans and worries for the upcoming move. I can't say
I'm looking forward to driving a UHaul for 7 hours, but there are certainly worse things.
